# DBLHypermedia
This is the DBL Hypermedia project for Group 19 TUe
<p>zie site: http://wwwis.win.tue.nl/~dblh19_2017/StudyGuide.html</p>



Discuss in this section the implementation details.

We implemented the site from scratch so we did not use a template. We used bootstrap in order to make the the site feel responsive. The creation of the site started with implementing the homepage. This took a while since we had no experience with html and css. We use a scrolling javascript in order to make certain buttons scroll to their destination with a animation. In order to swap the images behind the bachelor, premaster and master buttons we created a javascript such that those swap correctly. In order to make the buttons scale apropriately we created a javascript that based on a given height and width, scales the collumns, text size and the width of the buttons. We used standard bootsrap clases for the nav bar and the footer. When we had a big part of the homepage implemented, some started creating the Bachelor pages. Those pages are build with a menu, header, footer and the content container. The menu is implemented by using links to other pages and the menu will hide when clicking on the smaller menu button and the menu will hide when we move to a smaller device. In the header there is a link to go back to the corresponding bachelor, premaster or master page. We used the same navbar and the same footer from the homepage. The search bar is not implemented since we had no idea how we could implement this. One person of the group looked into it but could not find a good way to easily implement it without spending millions of hours with it. As last the contact page is another copy from the bachelor, premaster and master pages without a header but with the same footer and navbar implementations. 